gh-134160: Split extension module init from PyModule docs; emphasize multi-phase init (#135126)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/intro.rst

=============

Several useful macros are defined in the Python header files.  Many are

> defined closer to where they are useful (e.g. :c:macro:`Py_RETURN_NONE`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
defined closer to where they are useful (for example, :c:macro:`Py_RETURN_NONE`,
```
